Release notes draft for 7.16.2 (#13551)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/releasenotes.asciidoc

* <<logstash-7-0-0-alpha2,Logstash 7.0.0-alpha2>>
* <<logstash-7-0-0-alpha1,Logstash 7.0.0-alpha1>>

[[logstash-7-16-2]]
=== Logstash 7.16.2 Release Notes

* Update to log4j 2.17.0 https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/13548[#13548]

==== Plugins

*Date Filter - 3.1.13*

* Update log4j to 2.17.0
* Ensure java 8 compatibility https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-date/pull/143[#143]

*Dissect Filter - 1.2.3*

* Update log4j dependencies to 2.17.0

*Geoip Filter - 7.2.8*

* Update Log4j dependency to 2.17.0
* Ensure java 8 compatibility https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-geoip/pull/197[#197]

*Azure_event_hubs Input - 1.4.2*

* Update log4j dependencies to 2.17.0

*Beats Input - 6.2.4*

* Updated log4j dependency to 2.17.0

*Dead_letter_queue Input - 1.1.7*

* Further update dependencies for log4j (2.17.0) and jackson

*Http Input - 3.4.4*

* Update log4j dependency to 2.17.0

*Tcp Input - 6.2.5*

* Update log4j dependency to 2.17.0

> * Update Log4j dependency to 2.16, ensuring this plugin's runtime relies only on log4j-api instead of providing its own log4j-core. https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-input-tcp/pull/188[#188]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure this plugin's runtime relies only on log4j-api instead of providing its own log4j-core. https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-input-tcp/pull/188[#188]
```
